Update QAction documentation for RN44420 (#5723)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Connector/LogicQActions.md

In the example above, the Run method of the QAction class is defined as a static method.

Static fields can also be defined in the QAction class. Because only one copy of a static member exists per SLScripting process, these fields are shared across all instances of the class. As a result, any elements executing the same protocol **within the same SLScripting process** will share these static fields, which persist for the lifetime of that process.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Since DataMiner 10.6.3/10.7.0, multiple SLScripting processes are active by default. This causes unexpected behavior when static fields are used to share data as not all elements running the same protocol will be located in the same SLScripting process. Furthermore, restarting the element can cause it to move to another SLScripting processes. **Because of this, static fields should not be used to exchange data between elements running the same protocol.** Protocols developed with the assumption that all elements are running in the same SLScripting process can configure DataMiner to only use 1 SLScripting process as described [here](https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer/Administrator_guide/DataMiner_Agents/Configuring_a_DMA/Configuration_of_DataMiner_processes.html#setting-the-number-of-simultaneously-running-slscripting-processes). It is strongly recommended to adapt the problematic protocol(s) with the approaches described in [Sharing and persisting data](#sharing-and-persisting-data), as this allows DataMiner to use multiple SLScripting processes and increases overall resilience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since DataMiner 10.6.3/10.7.0, multiple SLScripting processes are active by default. This causes unexpected behavior when static fields are used to share data as not all elements running the same protocol will be located in the same SLScripting process. Furthermore, restarting the element can cause it to move to another SLScripting process. **Because of this, static fields should not be used to exchange data between elements running the same protocol.** Protocols developed with the assumption that all elements are running in the same SLScripting process can configure DataMiner to only use 1 SLScripting process as described [here](https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer/Administrator_guide/DataMiner_Agents/Configuring_a_DMA/Configuration_of_DataMiner_processes.html#setting-the-number-of-simultaneously-running-slscripting-processes). It is strongly recommended to adapt the problematic protocol(s) with the approaches described in [Sharing and persisting data](#sharing-and-persisting-data), as this allows DataMiner to use multiple SLScripting processes and increases overall resilience.
```

## Sharing and persisting data

Depending on the level at which data needs to be shared, different approaches are required.

> [!NOTE]  
> All scenarios below assume that the data does **not** need to persist when the element restarts.  
> If persistence across restarts is required, use saved parameters and access them from the relevant QActions.

#### Between elements running different protocols
Use a **static QAction** and share data via [**InterApp calls**](xref:InterAppCalls_Introduction).

#### Between elements running the same protocol
Use a **static QAction** and share data via [**InterApp calls**](xref:InterAppCalls_Introduction).

#### Within a single element across multiple executions of the same QAction
Use an **instanced QAction** and share data through a **non-static field**.

#### Within a single element across multiple executions of two or more different QActions
Use a **precompiled QAction** with a **singleton or static class** containing a **static dictionary field**.  

> Store and retrieve data from this dictionary using the **DataMiner ID** and **Element ID** as a unique key to associate data with the correct element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store and retrieve data per element using this dictionary. The key of the dictionary should be a combination of the **Root DataMiner ID** and the **Element ID**. We need both to make sure the key is unique even in scope of a DMS containing multiple Agents and we need to use the **Root DataMiner ID** as opposed to using the Host DataMiner ID to make sure keys stay unique even after an element gets swarmed to a different Agent.
```

Author: I updated the text with a slight variation of what you mentioned here.
I did add the part about the "root dataminer id vs host dataminer id in the context of swarming", but I don't think that should matter as the entries should have been cleaned up when stopping the element as a first step in the swarming. But it is probably safer to use the root dataminer ID to be sure in case something is not properly cleaned up.
